c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService.dll.config
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService.pdb
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\obj\Debug\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService.dll
c:\users\ej5hn3j\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\obj\Debug\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService.pdb
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\SignalRenabledWebAPIService.dll.config
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\SignalRenabledWebAPIService.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\bin\SignalRenabledWebAPIService.pdb
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\obj\Debug\SignalRenabledWebAPIService.dll
C:\Users\ej5hn3j\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SignalEnabledRWebAPIServiceSoln\SignalEnabledRWebAPIService\obj\Debug\SignalRenabledWebAPIService.pdb
